As I had thought, it was a vague picture of a man in front of a desolate background. It was a man calling intently for something. Wearing a white laboratory coat and with tousled hair, this man was stretching his hands, almost to a crazed state, shouting so intently as if he wanted to tear his throat. Yet, nothing was heard. I...I heard nothing. Never was there once when his words could reach me. Still, I know he was shouting. This was all there was. This was all I know of. But why—why would my chest grieve every time I witness this scene? It was as if I had forgotten something. I should be able to understand after so many repetitions. Still, though aware of having forgotten something, I had no idea of what I had forgotten. I couldn’t, however hard I strained my mind, recall what I had forgotten. As such, I observed my dream, seeking the details of the dream desperately when it appears. I was the kind of person who couldn’t put things aloft once lured by suspicion. I would resolve doubts. I would discover on and on until I found a compelling answer. This was my personality. I had to, at the least, unify my view with others. This was why I had to understand, why I stared at it so intently...

And recently, at last, I understood a spate of things. It wasn't until recently that I found out the man was wearing a white lab coat and had tousled hair. It took me many times to find this out due to the vagueness of that specific dream. So this time I was observing what the man was saying and crying out. Of course, I wasn’t able to hear what he had said, but when one makes a sound, one’s mouth moves accordingly. In most cases, our mouths and jaws take different shapes and forms when the vowels we make or the volume of the voice differs. Although the technique of reading lips exists in this world, most people, even without having learned this technique, would observe the movements of the speaker’s mouth when they listen. This would, subconsciously, rectify the words they hear. The way I was observing was similar to this. Without blinking, I concentrated on the mute shouting sounds.